feat(curriculum): add football player card tsx project (#67076)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/workshop-build-a-football-player-card-builder/69e8b295388ebbd517692bb3.md

---
id: 69e8b295388ebbd517692bb3
title: Step 4
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-4
---

# --description--

> The `div` element with class `card-wrapper` creates the outer border and clipped shape of the card. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `div` element with the `className` of `card-wrapper` creates the outer border and clipped shape of the card. 
```

> Now add the inner `div` directly inside `card-wrapper` with the class name `card`. This gives the card its dark background.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now add the inner `div` directly inside `card-wrapper` with the `className` of `card`. This gives the card its dark background.
```
